Topic Name: Policy Bazaar(Hackath Ideas)
 
Problem Statement: Find travel insurance plan for students  
 
	1. display three lowest international  travel insurance plan with amount and insurance provider company
	2. Group of  2 student people (Age 22,21)
	3. For any European country
	
Detailed Description: 

	1. Find travel insurance plan for students, for 2 people (Age 22 & 21) & any European country, fill further dummy details & display three lowest international  travel insurance plan with amount and insurance provider company
	2. Get a Car Insurance quote, proceed without  car number, keep filling details, give invalid email or phone number & capture the error message
	3. Retrieve all Health Insurance menu items and store in a List; Display the same
 
Key Automation Scope: 
 
	-Handling alerts, search option
	-Validation of date controls
	-Filling simple form, Capture warning message
	-Extract menu items & store in collections
	-Navigating back to home page
 
 
About this Project:
 
	-src/test/java contains baseClass,PageObject,TestCases and utilityMethods.
	-src/test/resources contains properties ile and log.xml file.
	-pageObjects package contains page object elements and methods.
	-testCases package contains all the test cases.
	-utilityMethods package contains extendReport and DateManager.
	
reports folder contains

	-automation-report.html is the report generated by using the Extent Reports.
	
	pom.xml contains the dependencies required by the project
	
	testng.xml file is for running the test cases.
 
	logs contains logs information.
 
	testData folder contains the input data.
 
	test-output folder contains testng report and other files.
 
	screenshots folder contains the screenshots.
 
Tools and Technologies used:
	
	-Selenium with Java in Eclipse IDE
	-TestNG
	-Maven
	-WebDriverManager
	-ExtentReports